feature/#465 added deprecation warning for pipeline (#470)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/entities/pipeline-mgt.md

!!! warning "Deprecation"

>     Note that the concept of `Pipeline^` has been deprecated in Taipy and many changes will be made in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that the `PipelineConfig^` has been deprecated in version 2.3. The `Pipeline^` entity will be strongly impacted in the following major version.
```

>     future versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
